Dp24 blobtk (#194)
sanger-tol/genomenote: CHANGELOG.md

- Addition of support for a _single_ haplotype assembly sourced from the samplesheet.csv.
- Remove biosample_wgs as a required parameter.
- Added support for providing an API key to NCBI datasets.
- Added the blobtk module.
  - This module creates plots via calls to the blobtoolkit server or local blobdir.
- Added the `blobtk_location` to provide the path of the blobdir, if not provided the module will not run.

### Parameters

| Old parameter | New parameter        |
| ------------- | -------------------- |
|               | --busco_lineage      |
|               | --select_contact_map |

> |               | --blobtk_location    |

Reviewer: Let's call it `btk_location` since it's where the BTK data live

Author: Done

- Addition of support for a _single_ haplotype assembly sourced from the samplesheet.csv.
- Remove biosample_wgs as a required parameter.
- Added support for providing an API key to NCBI datasets.
- Added the blobtk module.
  - This module creates plots via calls to the blobtoolkit server or local blobdir.

> - Added the `btk_location` to provide the path of the blobdir, if not provided the module will not run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `btk_location` and `btk_online_location` to provide the path of the blobdir (local or remote). If not provided the module will be skipped.
```
